

To create a new branch
Go to your new repository hello-world.
Click the drop down at the top of the file list that says branch: master.
Type a branch name, readme-edits, into the new branch text box.
Select the blue Create branch box or hit “Enter” on your keyboard.

To create a new repository
In the upper right corner, next to your avatar or identicon, click  and then select New repository.
Name your repository hello-world.
Write a short description.
Select Initialize this repository with a README.


On GitHub, saved changes are called commits. Each commit has an associated commit message, which is a description explaining why a particular change was made. Commit messages capture the history of your changes, so other contributors can understand what you’ve done and why.

homework1

1)The method split() returns a list of all the words in the string
print str.split(" x",y)
here x is delimeter(one which makes us to move to next line) and y is number of splits
2)count() returns count of how many times obj occurs in list
3)find takes three args first string to search for then beg for search and end for search
str.find(str, beg=0, end=len(string))
4)isalnum() checks if its a character or digit 
5)isalnum() cjevks if its a character
6) strip()-This method returns a copy of the string in which all chars have been stripped from the beginning and the end of the string.
 7)zfill() pads string on the left with zeros to fill width.

homework 2

1)L1 = list()
or
L1=[]
both are used for creating an empty list
2)list.append(obj)
is used to append an object to exisisting list
3)aList.remove(obj)
is used to delete an element from a list
4)insert(): Adds a new entry to the position specified in the list.
to replace a element we first remove and then insert
5)  List1.extend(List2) 
this copies all elemnts of list 2 to end of list 1
6)list.sort() 
sorts in ascending order
my_list.sort(reverse=True)
sorts in descending order
7) if string is there and numbers are there all are arranged based on increasing ascii value so nums come first  then we hv all strings arranged in alphabetical order